Summary:

This article shows how easy it is today to book buses from Nellore to Bangalore . Online travel portals have made the business
of booking tickets effortless and enjoyable. This article captures this and outlines its many advantages.

Main Text:

Are you a seasoned traveller looking to book buses from Nellore to Bangalore? Like so many other things in our lives,
the internet makes this effortless and easy even as we sit snug in the comfort of our homes. 
Online portals have opened up a wide variety of services that Indians can avail right from their desktops. 
These travel portals have helped popularize road travel and provide a host of travel arrangement services. 
Booking bus tickets is just one of their many popular services.

A trip from Nellore to Bangalore typically takes eight hours, making it a seemingly easy overnight journey. 
But the few who have travelled this route often know that until the recent past, getting hold of bust tickets was not so easy. 
Indians had to run from pillar to post, chasing travel agents to help them book a cheap ticket in a comfortable bus.
The travel agent had complete control on the route, the seating arrangement and hence his price for services rendered.
What made it worse was that you were left at the travel agent’s mercy were the bus to cancel trips or change routes. 
All this becomes a thing of the past with online travel portals.

Now, if you want to book buses from Nellore to Bangalore, you can simply log on to many of India’s burgeoning travel portals, 
pick your dream seat and be on your way, all in minutes. Here are some of the advantages of doing this:

1. Convenience: This remains the foremost advantage in using any internet service. 	You can book tickets anytime, from any place and 
only asks that you 	have clear access to the internet.
You no longer need to rush to the closest travel agent a day in advance to ensure you get a seat for the weekend bus trip.
You save time, energy and are free from needless hassles.

2. Choice: A good travel portal offers you a range of reputed travels (https://www.yatragenie.com/) to choose from,
so you’re not stuck in the same uncomfortable bus 	that passes through your route. Online booking also makes it easy 
for YOU, the actual traveller, to choose your route and your seat. You can choose where you want to get on or step off from the bus. 	

3. Flexible payment options: Yes, you don’t need to quickly draw cash from an ATM to pay for your ticket.
You can pay through a host of flexible payment options 	include Visa and Master cards, and other nationalized credit or debit cards. 	

4. Reduced paperwork: Hey, it’s a green, clean world! You no longer need a chunkynvelope carrying your “ticket”.
It’s messaged (https://www.yatragenie.com/) or mailed to you and easily accessible on your super smart phone! This works!

5. Pay on departure: Yes, some travels portals facilitate this. You pay when you board, through your credit card or through cash. 
So you don’t have to 	worry about the loss of missed buses. Easy, right?


The next time you need to book buses from Nellore to Bangalore (https://www.yatragenie.com/), try one of the several travel portals 
eager to simplify your booking and increase the pleasure of your experience. It’s truly worth it!


Resource Box:

The author recommends YatraGenie, an Online Bus Ticket Booking in Bangalore (https://www.yatragenie.com/).
